README.md, before:

# Swift Piano Task

Build a small piano like application in Swift with white and black keys, playing a sound on pressing the keys.

**IMPORTANT:** Don't use Storyboards but purely code to create the views. A starting point for such as structure is given in the [SwiftPianoTemplate](#swiftpianotemplate) XCode project.

### Minimum requirements

- View code manually written with UIKit's UIViews (no Storyboards)
- Touchable black and white keys
- Different sounds played for black and white keys

### Optional features

- Layouting with black keys "overlapping" the white keys as in a real piano
- Visual feedback on touching the keys
- Correct piano tone scales on "playing" the keys

## SwiftPianoTemplate

This project contains a sample starter code for a project programmatically creating UIViews instead of Storyboards. Feel free to use this starter code for your task.

## Piano Sounds

The directory `grand-piano-mp3-sounds` contains sample sounds you can use for this task. Alternatively you can use sounds from `https://github.com/pffy/mp3-piano-sound` or other sample sounds of your preference.

Commit message:

Update with clarified implementation instructions

README.md, after:

# Swift Piano Task

Build a small piano application in Swift with white and black keys, playing a sound on pressing the keys.

### Implementation instructions

- Focus on UIViews and UIButtons to implement the Layout
- A starting point for a UIView based structure is given in the [SwiftPianoTemplate](#swiftpianotemplate)
- Don't use Storyboards or NIBs but only custom code (UIView based)
- Don't use Auto Layout (constraints)

### Minimum requirements

- View code manually written with UIKit's UIViews (no Storyboards)
- Touchable black and white keys
- Different sounds played for black and white keys

### Optional features

- Layouting with black keys "overlapping" the white keys as in a real piano
- Visual feedback on touching the keys
- Correct piano tone scales on "playing" the keys
- Add tests

## SwiftPianoTemplate

This project contains a sample starter code for a project programmatically creating UIViews instead of Storyboards. Feel free to use this starter code for your task.

## Piano Sounds

The directory `grand-piano-mp3-sounds` contains sample sounds you can use for this task. Alternatively you can use sounds from `https://github.com/pffy/mp3-piano-sound` or other sample sounds of your preference.
